## Questions & Answers at the Meetup
If we conduct interviews with volunteers, the interview will be recorded and posted on the Meetup pages, along with an attribution to the interviewee, a short bio, and contact information. 

### Update for Covid 19 in 2020

How will the recruiting market change with the long-term effects of Covid 19?

**Potential Interviewees are:**
- Recruiters
- HR managers
- Hiring managers

- Questions for a Recruiter can be:
  - How is the job market in Tokyo and Asia?
  	- Based on some recent discussions with recruiters, there were some hiring freezes in some industries in March and April, 2020. 
  	- It is coming back in fields like technology

  - What fields or areas of the job market does your company specialize in?
  	- There are 8 industries or fields that larger recruiters will have teams organized to serve

  - What is the background and strengths of your company?

  - What kind of candidates are foreign companies in Tokyo looking for?
  	- The requirements are specified in the job specification or ad, but in general
  	 - bilingual in Japanese and English
  	 - specialized knowledge in your field
  	 - experience in the job being applied for unless otherwise stated

 - Is a high-level of English required for jobs at foreign companies?
  - If I am interested in working outside of Japan, can a recruiter help me to find a suitable position?
  - Is there any advice you can offer for a job-seeker in a specialized field? For example, I am an accountant with Nissho Boki 2. Is that something foreign companies look for?

 - How many interviews can there be, in a typical application process?
 - If an applicant has had a lot of jobs over their career, will that hurt their chances or will companies not select them for interviews due to that?
